These captions test some features of the WebVTT formats
c2
This cue is positioned at the top of the video
c3
This cue is positioned at the left side of the video.
c4
And this one at the right side.
c5
This cue is only a third of the width of the video, hence the multiple line breaks.
c6
This cue contains bold text.
c7
This cue contains italic text.
c8
This cue contains underlined text.
c9
This cue contains bold, italic, underlined text.
c10
This cue contains the class "myclass".
Browsers that support ::cue CSS should make it red.
c11
This cue has a unique id.
Using CSS, its font color should be yellow.
c12
The following cue contains two voices.
Tarzan should be blue and Jane green.
c13
Me Tarzan...
That would make me Jane!
c14
That's it! For now...